Make orthogonalization method chooseable for gmres (#293)
JuliaLinearAlgebra/IterativeSolvers.jl: docs/src/linear_systems/gmres.md

The implementation pre-allocates a matrix $V$ of size `n` by `restart` whose columns form an orthonormal basis for the Krylov subspace. This allows BLAS2 operations when updating the solution vector $x$. The Hessenberg matrix is also pre-allocated.

> Modified Gram-Schmidt is used to orthogonalize the columns of $V$ by default, since it is more numerical stable then classical Gram-Schmidt. However will classical Gram-Schmidt (without or with the DGKS correction step) benefit more from multithreading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, modified Gram-Schmidt is used to orthogonalize the columns of $V$, since it is numerically more stable than classical Gram-Schmidt. Modified Gram-Schmidt is however inherently sequential, and if stability is not a concern, classical Gram-Schmidt can be used, which is implemented using BLAS2 operations. As a compromise the "DGKS criterion" can be used, which conditionally applies classical Gram-Schmidt repeatedly to stabilize it, and is typically one to two times slower than classical Gram-Schmidt. 
```
